hey guys what's up I know I haven't put
out a V on quite a while and I have my
reasons it's not a good reason but it is
something but in this video we're going
looking for Angie's burger which is an
Angie's camp south of folk wreath and it
can be a bit hard to find so I'm gonna
show you the past from folk wreath
itself
well stuff once you get here you just
take the east exit of folk wreath and
I'm gonna speed a little video on a sec
and I'm just gonna ramble on for a bit
so I haven't put out a video in almost a
month I think and the reason for that
being well I want a vacation off to New
Year's for about a week and when I got
back I turned on my computer and
discovered that my video card had
decided to off itself so after I
finished raging a few hours later I
finally decided to throw it in the bin
and ordering a new one and I just got
that a couple days ago so I'm back to
making videos year mm-hmm and what else
can I talk about here that big secret
new unique weapons part 4 is coming out
some more for those of you who did not
read the description you know who you
are I know a few people been asking
about that and it is coming tomorrow
also someone asked me in the comment
today about my accent and uh I was gonna
reply but then I got sidetracked by
something I was like ooh a puppy and
naturally I had to chase down the word
but yeah sidetracked and I forgot all
about it but to answer that question
well my dad is full of Straley and my
mom is full philippine or ass born and
raised in Australia but yes that is
where my accent comes from I'm half
Australian half Filipino you know what
would that be
OCP new or full alien something like
that anyway once you get here in you
maneuver around all those bear traps
like I saw you did well that makes sense
you'll come across energy here and
option two killing her we don't kill all
cuz that'll make it a bit hard to get it
I don't actually make it easy to get
over but you're gonna ask her about the
targets and then she's gonna go are you
any good with the bird and you can say
whatever you want how about a shoe with
a shot to the head no I don't know and
eventually you say you're ready for some
practice take these practice or is it
leaning against the wall here because
you can only use practice sorry practice
arrows because that's all she'll let you
use and once you get that just head
south down the hill and down til the
targets and she's going to give you the
four tests so the first one here is just
to hit the three targets the first three
targets sir I'm gonna cut through this
video a few times because if I didn't
this video would be like seven hours
long it was surprisingly difficult
maybe not for most people but for me it
was and the second test is to hit the
three targets in eight seconds I think
the only tip I can give you is for these
bunkers here just aim a little bit lower
and then what you going to hit and then
that seems to get him and for the third
test she wants you to hit the very far
target on the back and I'm lucky because
I have the zoom in school but for this
one just put the the crosshair directly
on it and it should hit it sorry I took
so long to fire this one off falls
waiting here for her to see her and when
I realized that she wasn't going to I
was like oh crap
excuse me him for the fourth one she
wants you to hit all four targets in 10
seconds and weirdly enough this was the
only one that I got on the first girl I
bet no one believes me when I say that
and after you get that fourth one done
you just go and talk to her yeah and you
say I'm ready for some more practice and
you very well I think that's all I can
teach you
you're now better than me and then
she'll give you this heartwarming speech
about her bow and her family and how
good of a person you are
because you just hung around for 15
minutes and she's good at judging
character like that thanks for sticking
around and keeping me company it was
nice to finally meet someone out here
who doesn't want to go up you were to
take off your head I know it isn't much
but here she sends a look like Liliana
from Dragon Age Origins if you have
played that game you should anyway yeah
she gives you the bonus show it here in
a sec all right here it is it's not a
great verb but it's a pretty fun little
quest I guess to do and that's gonna do
it yeah big Skyrim video tomorrow guys
and I'll see you then peace